---
sidebar_position: 1
---
# Framework from v3.9.0 to v3.10.0

## AUTOMATIC MIGRATION
 
1. Update Visual Studio to the latest version ((Migration tested with Visual Studio 2022 version 17.10.3)). On Visual Studio Code, install extension **ESLint** and **Prettier - Code formatter**
2. Use the BIAToolKit to migrate the project
3. Delete all **package-lock.json** and **node_modules** folder

4. Manage the conflicts (2 solutions)
   1. In BIAToolKit click on "4 - merge Rejected" and search `<<<<<` in all files.  
    * Resolve the conflicts manually.
   2. Analyze the .rej file (search "diff a/" in VS code) that have been created in your project folder
     * Apply manually the change.

5. Change source path and run the script [V3.9.0_to_V3.10.0_Replacement.ps1](./Scripts/V3.9.0_to_V3.10.0_Replacement.ps1)

6. Apply other manual step (describe below) at the end if all is ok, you can remove the .rej files (during the process they can be useful to resolve build problems)

## MANUAL STEPS
### FRONT
1. This version activates the immutability of NGRX stores. It means you can't modify directly an object that comes from the store. You first need to make a copy of it. No error will be shown at compilation if you do, but only at runtime : you should check every part of your application using ngrx select or sending object to api to verify you don't update that object. If you do, first make a copy of this object before modifying it (with clone function). For arrays of object you can also reconstruct your array (creating a new array) with : myArray = [...myArray];

### BACK
1. Manually update imports for files using UserContext class. Namespace as been changed to BIA.Net.Core.Domain.User

### BUILD
1. 

### DEPLOY
1. 